DEVELOPER/CONSULTANT Rangle.io, Toronto I am a full-stack JavaScript Developer. I work with agile teams that analyze, design, and implement solutions, bringing our JavaScript expertise to the table for consulting and development. We assist clients in upgrading and modernizing their software, as well as getting new high quality engaging products to market quickly, streamlining the Agile flow to bring the most value out of every engagement. 
Some projects I've worked on: 
Augury (open source Angular debugging and profiling tools). - Augury is an open-source project owned by Rangle.io and developed in partnership with the Angular team. - Designed and implemented lean and extensible JavaScript engine for monitoring and debugging running Angular applications, along with specific plugins for performance profiling. 
Atlas Resourcing Portal - Designed and implemented new features on React/Redux/Node/Mongo enterprise staffing portal. - Investigated possible new features and enhancements requested by stakeholders. Presented time/cost estimations, recommendations and progress reports to COO. 
KagenAir - Investigated and resolved performance bottlenecks on iOS/Android application written in AngularJS (1.6) running on Apache Cordova, specifically WebRTC video conferencing feature utilizing native Cordova plugins. 
Vitamin Shoppe (e-Commerce Migration) - Investigated and resolved numerous issues experienced by enterprise client during their migration from Angular1.6 to Angular4. 

Some technologies I've used for internal and client projects: - Client side: React, Redux, Angular4, AngularJS - Server side: Node, Mongo, Mongoose, Express, Koa - Build tools: Webpack, Babel, RequireJS, Gulp - Development / Deployment tools: Github, Circle CI, Docker- - Analytics: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Webmaster Tools - Hosting and Infrastructure: Amazon Web Services - Process: Agile, Scrum 
• Work with agile teams that analyze, design, and implement solutions using the best modern tools and practices, bringing full-stack JavaScript expertise to consulting and development. Assist clients in upgrading and modernizing their software, as well as getting new high-quality, engaging products to market quickly, streamlining the Agile flow to bring the most value out of every engagement.
• Augury - Angular Devtools: Augury is an open-source Angular debugging and profiling toolkit developed and maintained by Rangle.io in partnership with the Angular team.
• Vitamin Shoppe – e-Commerce Migration: Provided guidance, support, and training for enterprise client migration from AngularJS 1.6 to Angular 4.
• KagenAir: Performance audit followed by bottleneck resolutions on iOS/Android application written in AngularJS (1.6) running on Apache Cordova, specifically WebRTC video conferencing feature utilizing native Cordova plugins.
• Atlas - Resourcing Portal: Designed and implemented application features, DevOps pipeline improvements, and performance enhancements on enterprise staffing portal. Investigated feasibility of stakeholder requests for features and improvements, providing time/cost estimations, recommendations, timelines, and progress reports.
