## monorepo
* [typefirst:sector-growth] architected `@integration-hub` typescript monorepo (shared top-level tsconfig.json) using `yarn-workspaces` with `client` react SPA frontend and `server` nodejs stateless backend application packages. further packages included isomorphic stateless domain logic and models, and a shared `actions` package defining server-side async actions interface, fully typed, with a registry and abstract service class. the isomorphic service interface was extended by both application packages, the server-side package providing implementations and further definitions like injectable dependencies which are implementation details as far as API is concerned. server threw compilation error if not all actions were provided suitable implementations. client did not need to provide specific action definitions, as the client service simply mapped the registered actions into wrapped fetch calls to the server, RPC style. the client automatically derived its methods from the registered isomorphic interface, and provided full typed autocomplete and typed calls. both sides instantiated their own stateless action service implementation, the server side further used the service during boot to declare its express endpoints accordingly, taking each request, parsing, and calling the corresponding action, and sending back serialized return. the base action type definition required that all arguments as well as return types be serializable, so once the services were instantiated, there was no difference when calling an action in either server side or client side, effectively making the server-side actions api a identical type-safe isomorphic callable surface in both application packages.
* [lululemon] architected new repository for the loyalty engineering team, which had to bring loyalty features horizontally to the whole application, in checkout, product pages, search pages, etc. these were microfrontend repos managed by different teams, whos repos we would have to make PRs for to import our library (which were safe, error-bounded, self-contained components with their own sentry events tracking, google analytics hits, and feature flagging which our team controlled) and mount our components onto their pages. in order to do our own development and produce demos, our monorepo packages included git submodules of the host microfrontend repos. this way we could import our final library directly using a live development build of the library package, and we could predict how peer dependencies and bundles of the target hosts would be impacted when our library was added.

## performance
* [rangle:augury] primary maintainer of the primary open source devtools extension for angular. worked with community to resolve issues and upgrades for new angular version releases. issues often included performance as angular state was transmitted to chrome extension in a serialized state, and there were interactions with other chrome extensions to consider. so frequently inspecting stack traces and bottlenecks, and implementing complexity reduction techniques. developed and architected augury-labs extension to do performance profiling on angular applications, showing flamegraphs and heatmaps mapping to components.
* [avanade:mortgage-cadence-platform] large angular application with many independent teams contributing. i was asked to analyze poor responsiveness issues in pages with large grids or animations, jankiness. rearchitected grid components to use a unidirectional state cycle, and separated them into 2 separate components, an orchestrator/state-machine smart stateful wrapper api surface and an internal OnPush UI renderer with optimization logic in its attribute setters to minimize change detection frequency and cost. also identified numerous cases of intervallic javascript activity that could be converted into css code in the case of visual animations, or alternatively executed "outside of angular". used performance flamegraphs with ui snapshots to demonstrate radical responsiveness improvements.
* [rangle:momentive] led my team in bundle analysis task to significantly shrink application bundle sizing with minimal code changes and virtually no functional changes, targeting adequate tree-shaking using better import statements with slashes, library usage audits, and webpack bundler plugin settings. used bundle analyzer to investigate, and to demonstrate reduction. one of my recruits on the team used what we did together (myself teaching them) and their experience to write an article about the topic.
* [typefirst:oralinx] significantly increased initial load times for a nextjs application by refactoring targeted component data into server-side. moving suitable components to be async ssr components, and injecting data elements with service cache prepopulation. also consolidated overlapping apollo graph calls independently executed by multiple islands via custom hooks that reduced redundancy and aggregated requests, and cached server-data state centrally as read-only unidirectional store.
* [rangle:website] improved ui smoothness of ui hero/branding component that took images and cut them into configured geometric shapes. we used this for our website, and a client project where they liked our website look. previously this was done using a javascript computation that didnt resize smoothly, requiring a render constantly to keep updated, listening to media queries. i updated it to utilize css cutting via svg masked paths, so we could easily export the shapes as svg from [design software, what was it called? the standard browser one for web design] and upload them into the CMS (sanity.io) config which the component received via our design-system integration framework layer, as we tried to always do where possible, so that our design systems where flexibly customizable on the fly via CMS. the component could be safely memoized, as it was now stateless and fully smooth as everything was rendered as css. we could even animate the shapes images using svg animation attributes.

