So we're also putting this under TypeFIRST. And... But this is like another project. There's a company called Sector Growth. Sector Growth... is... a team of... business consultants, I should say. So they come from HubSpot. And it's a company that is owned by HubSpot salespeople or HubSpot client services people. So that... So HubSpot is... It's just a general kind of business school. And they... Their business model is to pay for services, kind of subscription-based services. That's just some of the package. Now, it's common that bigger HubSpot clients have specific needs that go beyond, you know, simply having access to the platform and whatever the HubSpot team kind of provides, services, supplies, or whatever. And because these salespeople or clients who have account people are familiar with this, because they can supplement their offerings, with their own private budget for these accounts, right? So, specifically, this is people that have a particular... consult the business on how to adopt these tools. And how to... Yeah, how to adopt the tools. And how to, you know, specifically use it for their, you know, like some tried-and-true patterns, usage patterns, you know, setup. And... You know, yeah. That they seem to work well for other clients. And this is not something that, you know, HubSpot necessarily will sell, but they offer this thing where it's like, okay, let me help you understand your business app. And I have some, you know, I know how to use the platform well, so I'll show you how to solve your specific phases and how you might want to use it, you know, consult them further on this topic. It also helps them to make the sales of the HubSpot platform, right? Because they can come to each other and say, don't worry, I'll help you with this adoption part, right? Usually the clients are using something, so they can help with transitions, whatever, right? And one aspect of this of this supplementary service that they needed help with, that Spectra Group needed help with was integration. The integration work that goes beyond What the built-in HubSpot functionality is to do. There are things you can do within HubSpot. And there are built-in plugins for HubSpot. Well, they're not built-in plugins. There's a plug-in marketplace. But, you know, there's Webhooks and whatnot. But not everything, not every possible data event is possible, right? Specifically, you can, I forget what they're called in HubSpot, but you can set triggers based on particular types of events and provide Webhooks, right? Those are pretty useful. But these Webhooks, you know, the plugins support a particular type of behavior, right? So, in order to facilitate a certain workflow, it makes sense to bring up in TypeScript. So we worked with a couple of times with them. In both cases, it was a Shopify system on the other side that we were integrating with. And it made sense to bring up a middle kind of microservice that both listened to Webhooks where possible, and at times did some polling, some periodic data fetching, and then triggered actions based on the workflow desired. So triggered actions to, you know, make some defined bulk edits, right? So you might, you know, update a few different places at once and call this like a transaction that is part of our workflow. These were independent deployments under our Google Cloud. And we would build user interfaces for dashboards. So you can have a dashboard that where you can go in and actually trigger actions that take place or trigger specific checks that you might configure or you might write code for. And this might, you know, there are some views that this is an integration job. Our view is one of reconciliation, right? So you might see the data, you might query for an account, and then you would get presented with, okay, this is what we have on Shopify. This is what's reflected in Shopify, this is what's reflected in HubSpot. And then sometimes there will be a sync button one way or the other. So you can manually control your integration, you know, as well as see the actions, see the data views that you're looking to get. Sometimes, for example, a data view might be like, look for updated data one way or the other. Or when is the next scheduled reconciliation? Or, you know, find me this ID object, you know. What is the representation in HubSpot look like? What is the representation in Shopify look like? Written in Node TypeScript, deployed on Google Cloud, as I mentioned. As a, you know, as a scaling group, as a cluster, right? Yeah, I think we're using Minikube or something. No, sorry, it was App Engine, right? So we would, you know, monitor that. And then there was, you know, the observability. I've already kind of described how this was a primary gadget principle for our tooling. You know, and then this was all learning and stuff like that. We used, you know, Grafana to, what is the Grafana? What's the Google Cloud version of that? But to be honest, a lot, most of our Grafana visualizations or data or aggregates would be, indicators, would be on our dashboard. Since they were customizable. So we would customize a different version for, and we would deploy a totally new instance to App Engine. This was not a multi-tenant, although we did start doing multi-tenancy at one point after. So after those two were successful, I guess this would be a different project, this integration hub. So this is another brand. And this was not, I mean, this is like our type first product, which was an actual multi-tenant thing where we could configure or add code for a particular kind of action. But that never saw the light of day. The front ends for the sector growth integrations are written in React using different graph visualization libraries. I think it was a pretty simple library. I think it was called React Graph. React Graph. We were not using D3. We were using something more. I think it was React Graphs. Yeah, so that was sector growth. Yeah, so there I was in both of these cases. So I've already described to you what the—oh, sorry, another thing here was recruiting for support, again, from the Colombian market. We did hire people on a contract, on a temporary basis, to help with getting something up. But mostly also for maintenance and for adding features and changes once the services were live. So we would hire HubSpot. We would hire more expensive HubSpot people. And cheap development labor. I would do the interviewing there, too. I was not the only person on the type-first team for this project. We also had a business development guy, the guy that was more the point of contact to understand requirements. I was the technical lead or senior technical consultant. So I would interface with the sector growth team and with their clients to better understand the technical nuances when there were ambiguities. And lead the development team and do a lot of the programming myself. I would write the framework-level, strictly-typed code that was extensible and replicable across different engagements. Yeah. Something also very important was that was the data modeling aspect right because we would have a abstract kind of workflow that cut across Shopify and HubSpot and for one of the engagements also NetSuite as in the business domain, the business model would find representation in a few different ways. It could be represented and receive updates and stuff from the Shopify side, from the HubSpot side, and from the NetSuite side and we quite often kept our own database. Actually we usually always did. We used MongoDB for this and we will keep associations as well as extra data because it's very useful to get that, to be able to keep our own that you can input through the dashboard. So we would keep kind of a master relational model and then we would understand how the data might be represented, might be partially represented and distributed across the data models of the different platforms that the data would rest in, right, and the types of events that would occur in these and the types of... what's it called, not a contradiction but... oh my god, what's the word? I don't know. Well there's a disagreement between two authoritative sources, right, or whatever. You have to you have to... discrepancies, that's the word, and you know we need to understand different events that can happen in those platforms, how to find discrepancies. We would have to have like batch, like running kind of pulses of checks so we would keep track of like, hey, when was the last time I checked this one, have different priorities for different regulations that we made or different updates, you know, and going sometimes the updates will be passive so we would have to kind of skim through, keep track of like, okay, when you look up a particular ID, you know, data object ID on our dashboard we would say, okay, this has been last checked for this type of consistency and this time here's what we see in all the platforms, you know, and you can sync now and yes we have to like design the data model and understand kind of how best to represent that and blah blah blah.